# Sea-kayak adventure

**Sea-kayak adventure** is a unique 8-day course that takes place along Croatian coast and its islands. Surrounded by incredible beaches and pristine clear water, participants will be challenged both physically and mentally trying to overcome obstacles set by their instructors and the nature itself.

In a safe but challenging environment they will have to work and triumph together, or fail as individuals. They will be offered an opportunity to find new strengths and overcome old weaknesses, to shed away their old fears and to gaze upon the new horizons.

**Course goals** are to strengthen the character through the use of challenging outdoor activities.

**Themes** are overcoming challenges, better understanding of one’s moral values, commitment to constant learning, personal growth and self-improvement, working with others; team work.

**Method** used is based on the theory of experiential learning. Confronted with challenges that put them out of their comfort zone, participants learn how to deal with the unexpected and triumph. Challenges are many; physical ones, mental, emotional and spiritual.

**Activities** are outdoor camping, planning and utilizing a sea expedition, kayaking in the sea, learning of various basic outdoor skills (building a shelter, cooking, waste disposal, etc.), various games and energizers, sharing personal insights and thoughts with the group, first-hand experience of group dynamic.

## Additional details

Although Outward Bound courses are meant to be physically and mentally challenging, one does not need to be an athlete or have any prior outdoor experience to participate. Our courses are designed to be well within the capabilities of anyone who is able-bodied. What is more important is a positive attitude, a willingness to try and a commitment to work together.

## Who can attend?

Anybody who is willing to exit their comfort zone and improve their communication and group skill-set, their organizational and leadership skills, and whoever is willing to get to know themselves better.

Group size: 10 to 12 participants.

## Duration

8 days, Saturday till Saturday, spring till the end of fall.

## Dates

- 13.08.-23.08.2012.
- 27.08.-03.09.2012.

## Price and payment details:

The price for Sea-kayak adventure course is $770,00 + VAT = $960,00 or €600,00 + VAT = €750,00.

Price includes: instructors, sea-kayaks, food and shelter, technical equipment (van, climbing equipment, utensils, etc), insurance.

Not included: transport to the starting location, personal equipment (backpacks, shoes, attire…)

Outward Bound uses the outdoors as its classroom. Your child will “discover and learn by doing". Our unique outdoor curriculum will provide a safe environment for them to engage in a variety of activities that will help them not just to discover, but also to challenge themselves.<br>
Through them, young people are faced with challenging situations, which develop their confidence and call out their courage and determination. Concepts like compassion, trust, teamwork and a positive, “can-do" spirit are also cultivated. Our experienced instructors facilitate the learning so that these concepts become real and meaningful.

To apply, fill in the [application form](/en/applications/new), latest 30 days before the start of the course.
