# Multi-Element Adventure

**The Multi-Element Adventure** program is a 8-day multi-element course that starts at the mountain of Velebit conecting the interior with the sea, spans the high ridge of that fabolous mountain, and ends on the coast by kayaking around one of the most attractive Croatian northern island – the island of Rab.

The first day we will depart to the beautiful central Velebit area. The participants will have the opportunity to explore the close surrounding of that area in the first and the second day. The third day, we will begin our hike to the sea. In the following three days we will pass the most attractive trail in Croatia – the Premužićeva staza – crossing the National Park of North Velebit with a stunning view to the vast interior to the east and the  Adriatic archipelag to the west. The terrain is rugged, but the trail is good and as soon as we reach the summit its all  down hill straight to the Adriatic. On our way down we will stop at one of our favorite climbing sites and enjoy climbing  on the beautiful cliffs of the Velebit Mountains.

As we descend, the sea comes into view. When we get closer the excitement of getting out to the sea builds more and more. The town of Jablanac will be our departure point for the magnificient island of Rab. The sea expedition will go for two days around the bays and rocks discovering the secrets of island the Rab. Since it’s illegal to sleep outside of a official campsite we will be spending 4 nights in various turist camps. Swimming in the crystal clear water and learning how to handle the kayaking manouvers along the Croatian coast should be one of the highlights of our sea expedition.

Group size: 10 participants.

## Duration

8 days.

## Dates

None so far.

## Price and payment details:

The price is $880,00 + VAT = $1.100,00 or €680,00 + VAT = €850,00. The price is based on 10 participants.

**Prices include**:

- 7 Overnights:

  - 5 nights in camps  or mountain huts
  - 1 night in Padova 3 camp – Rab Island
  - 1 night in camp Zidine – Rab island
  - 7 days / nights tourist tax

- Other:

  - All bus transfers
  - All meals
  - Ferry transfers
  - Sea – kayaks  rent, live jackets
  - Support boat for sea – kayak expedition
  - OB Croatia logistic support with two instructors and support and logistic vehicle  and logistic person
  - Insurance for all activities
  - Entrance fees for Nature and National parks

**Prices do not include**:

- Travel insurance out of OB program
