# Outward Bound SCUBA Diving School

You climb down from the mountain, shoulders heavy from carrying the huge backpack, ropes and picks, when in the distance there is crystal blue sea…

Do you want to develop your diving skills and discover the rich underwater world of Adriatic sea? Outward Bound expert team is offering you this experience…

We are organizing beginners’ SCUBA diving courses and diving expeditions for experienced divers wanting to try out new locations in the Adriatic.

## SCUBA Diving Beginner Course CMAS R1

Beginners course is following the program of CMAS International Diving Association. The course for Basic License CMAS-R1 takes up to six theoretical and six practical lessons in the pool and a two-day weekend on the coast (in agreement with the participants), where they take the final exam, with which they qualify for the International Diving License.

Lectures and practical lessons are being held on Winter Pool Mladost in Zagreb in the evening hours.

The course includes:

-	Classroom for theory lessons
-	Time in the pool for practical lessons and exercises
-	All technical diving gear (mask, fins, snorkel, wet-suit, weight belt, air-tank, hydrostatic regulator, buoyancy vest)
-	CMAS R1 International Diving License
-	Guidance by licensed CMAS diving instructor
-	Organization and leading sea diving expedition

**Program includes**:

-	six theory lessons (basic apnea diving, physics and physiology of diving, planing a dive, water quality, marine plant and animal life, diving sports)
-	six practical lessons in the pool
-	two dives in the sea (logged in the diving logbook)

A minimum of 6 participants is needed for the course.<br>
To apply, fill in the [application form](/en/applications/new).<br>
More info and contact: <scuba@outwardbound.hr>.

